_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

<!-- ***I’m on the market for a postdoc position!*** -->

I'm a postdoctoral researcher at Rutgers University, working with [Mert Gürbüzbalaban](https://scholar.google.fr/citations?hl=fr&user=m-nZ7MgAAAAJ). During Fall semester 2022, I'm also a departmental guest at the Center for Statistics and Machine Learning (CSML) at Princeton Unversity.

Prior to this position, I did my Ph. D. at the Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann (Grenoble - France), under the supervision of [Jérôme Malick](https://ljk.imag.fr/membres/Jerome.Malick/). I am interested in optimization problems involving uncertainty and their applications, in both stochastic programming and machine learning.

<!-- I am also in charge of the optimization reading group [GORGeous](https://sites.google.com/view/gorgeous-optim/) that happens every friday at LJK. If you are interested, feel free to contact me! -->

<table style="border-collapse: collapse;">
 <tr style="border-style: hidden">
    <td style="border-style: hidden"><b style="font-size:30px; font-family:'Lora, sans-serif'" >Interests</b></td>
    <td style="border-style: hidden"><b style="font-size:30px; font-family:'Lora, sans-serif'">Education</b></td>
 </tr>
 <tr style="border-style: hidden">
    <td style="border-style: hidden">
      <ul>
        <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-burn"></i>Stochastic Programming</li>
        <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-burn"></i>Optimization under Uncertainty</li>
        <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-burn"></i>Federated Learning</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
    <td style="border-style: hidden">
    <ul class="fa-ul">
	<li><i class="fa-li fas fa-graduation-cap"></i>  PhD from Université Grenoble Alpes</li>
      <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-graduation-cap"></i>MSc in Machine Learning from Université Grenoble Alpes</li>
      <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-graduation-cap"></i>Engineer degree from ENSIMAG</li>
    </ul>
    </td>
 </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

added another link to thesis

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

<!-- ***I’m on the market for a postdoc position!*** -->

I'm a postdoctoral researcher at Rutgers University, working with [Mert Gürbüzbalaban](https://scholar.google.fr/citations?hl=fr&user=m-nZ7MgAAAAJ). During Fall semester 2022, I'm also a departmental guest at the Center for Statistics and Machine Learning (CSML) at Princeton Unversity.

Prior to this position, I did my Ph. D. at the Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann (Grenoble - France), under the supervision of [Jérôme Malick](https://ljk.imag.fr/membres/Jerome.Malick/). My Ph.D. thesis can be found [here](/files/phd_thesis.pdf). Generally speaking, I am interested in optimization problems involving uncertainty and their applications, in both stochastic programming and machine learning.

<!-- I am also in charge of the optimization reading group [GORGeous](https://sites.google.com/view/gorgeous-optim/) that happens every friday at LJK. If you are interested, feel free to contact me! -->

<table style="border-collapse: collapse;">
 <tr style="border-style: hidden">
    <td style="border-style: hidden"><b style="font-size:30px; font-family:'Lora, sans-serif'" >Interests</b></td>
    <td style="border-style: hidden"><b style="font-size:30px; font-family:'Lora, sans-serif'">Education</b></td>
 </tr>
 <tr style="border-style: hidden">
    <td style="border-style: hidden">
      <ul>
        <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-burn"></i>Stochastic Programming</li>
        <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-burn"></i>Optimization under Uncertainty</li>
        <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-burn"></i>Federated Learning</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
    <td style="border-style: hidden">
    <ul class="fa-ul">
	<li><i class="fa-li fas fa-graduation-cap"></i>  PhD from Université Grenoble Alpes</li>
      <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-graduation-cap"></i>MSc in Machine Learning from Université Grenoble Alpes</li>
      <li><i class="fa-li fas fa-graduation-cap"></i>Engineer degree from ENSIMAG</li>
    </ul>
    </td>
 </tr>
</table>
